Security 8.19.7 release notes (#7109)
elastic/security-docs: docs/release-notes/8.19.asciidoc

[[release-notes-header-8.19.0]]
== 8.19

[discrete]
[[release-notes-8.19.7]]
=== 8.19.7

[discrete]
[[enhancements-8.19.7]]
==== Enhancements
* Improves the reliability of Cloud Security Posture (CSP) data by automatically upgrading outdated Misconfiguration and Vulnerabilities data views to the correct versions ({kibana-pull}238547[#238547]).
* Improves the reliability of {elastic-defend} Kafka connections.
* Improves the accuracy of thread CPU usage reported in {elastic-defend} metrics documents.

[discrete]
[[bug-fixes-8.19.7]]
==== Fixes
* Fixes entity flyout **Risk contributions** tab link ({kibana-pull}241153[#241153]).
* Fixes a pagination issue with the data table on the **Indicators** page ({kibana-pull}241108[#241108]).

> * Allows partial matches on rule name when searching installed rules ({kibana-pull}237496[#237496]).

Reviewer: Hiya! One thing I noticed. This PR addresses multiple issues, would it be possible to review the wording as follows?

```suggestion
* Fixes multiple issues searching installed rules by allowing partial matches on rule name and improving special character support ({kibana-pull}237496[#237496]).
```

* Fixes an issue where rule exception operators could not be cleared when editing a rule exception ({kibana-pull}236051[#236051]).
* Fixes an {elastic-defend} issue on Linux by preventing unnecessary locking within malware protection to avoid invalid watchdog firings.
* Fixes issues that could sometimes cause crashes of the {elastic-defend} user-mode process on very busy Windows systems.
* Fixes multiple {elastic-defend} issues in malware protection for Linux where a deadlock could sometimes occur when containers and autofs were both active.
* Fixes an {elastic-defend} bug in Linux event collection where some long-running processes were not enriched.

> * Fixes an issue in {elastic-defend} that could cause the `get-file` and `execute` response actions to start failing after many are issued with a single running instance of {elastic-defend}.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Fixes an issue in {elastic-defend} that could cause the `get-file` and `execute` response actions to start failing after many are issued with a single running instance of {elastic-defend}.
* Fixes CVE-2025-37735 ([ESA-2025-23](https://discuss.elastic.co/t/elastic-defend-8-19-6-9-1-6-and-9-2-0-security-update-esa-2025-23/383272)) in {{elastic-defend}} on Windows which could allow a low-privilege attacker to delete arbitrary files on the system and potentially escalate privileges to SYSTEM. Windows 11 24H2 includes changes which make this issue harder to exploit.
```
